Where was France's Huguenot population largely centered?
What was the proportion of Huguenots to Catholics at their peak?
When were the Wars of Religion fought?
What treaty ended the Wars of Religion?
What did this agreement do?
When did the Huguenot movement start?
Where were French Catholics concentrated in France?
Who initially started the Wars of Religion?
How many Huguenots were there in 1598?
How many French Catholics were there in 1598?
The term Huguenot was originally meant to confer?
The term may be related to what politician from Switzerland?
What Swiss city was the center of the Calvinist movement?
What name was given to the plot to usurp power from the French House of Guise?
When did this attempt take place?
In what year was Swiss politician Besancon Hugues born?
What does Huisgenoten translate to in French?
Which city was John Calvin born in?
What religion was John Calvin?
In what year did the House of Guise gain influence?
What helped spread Protestantism in France?
When did the first French language bible appear?
Who translated this version of the scriptures?
An illustrated, paraphrased version of this appeared when?
Jean De Rely's illustrated French-language scriptures were first published in what city?
In what year did the Protestant Reformation arrive in France?
In what country did the Protestant Reformation get its start?
In what year did the Reformed church of France get established?
Where was the Roman Catholic Priest Guyard de Moulin from?
Where was Jean de Rely from?
What were the towns granted to the Huguenots in 1598 collectively called?
What was the most important of these cities or towns?
France laid siege to Montpellier in what year?
What proclamation officially ended limited Huguenot autonomy?
When was this proclamation issued?
What was the result in Montpellier of the Edict of Ales in 1629?
What does "villes de surete" translate to in English?
How many miles is Montpellier from Paris?
In what year did Protestant rule in Montpellier effectively collapse?
In what year was a royal citadel built by Catholics in Montpellier?