The word imperialism has it's origins in which ancient language? 
By what means is imperialism usually administered?
The term imperialism has been applied to western countries, and which eastern county?
Imperialism is responsible for the rapid spread of what?
The word imperialism has it's origins in which modern language?
 By what means is imperialism never administered?
 In which century do most consider the beginning of imperialism?
The term imperialism has never been applied to western countries, and which eastern county?
 Imperialism is responsible for the slow spread of what?
Imperialism extends a country's power and what?
colonial rule would be considered what type of imperialism?
imperialism often divides countries by using which technique?
Informal imperialism is still dominant; however, less what?
Imperialism does not extend a country's power and what?
 colonial rule would not be considered what type of imperialism?
The process of imperialism never focused on controlling which group of people?
 imperialism often unites countries by using which technique?
 Informal imperialism is still dominant; however, more what?
A forced trade agreement between two countries would be an example of what?
colonial rule, or physical occupation of a territory is an example of what kind of imperialism?
Some have generalized the meaning of the word imperialism down to general-purpose what?
Which is more costly, formal, or informal imperialism?
What subtle tool can be used in an informal imperialistic situation to expand a controlled area?
A forced trade agreement between two countries is not an example of what?
colonial rule, or physical occupation of a territory is not an example of what kind of imperialism?
 Nobody has generalized the meaning of the word imperialism down to general-purpose what?
 Which is less costly, formal, or informal imperialism?
What subtle tool can not be used in an informal imperialistic situation to expand a controlled area?
The amount of land a country controls is its greatest what?
Western Imperialism divided the globe according to which theory?
Who suggested that imperialism was the "highest" form of capitalism?
One country's authority over a number of others would constitute the original country as what?
Most imperialism was carried out using which method of transport?
The amount of land a country controls is its worst what?
 Western Imperialism united the globe according to which theory?
Who suggested that imperialism was the "lowest" form of capitalism?
One country's authority over no others would constitute the original country as what?
No imperialism was carried out using which method of transport?