When was the current parliament of Scotland convened?
What act set out the Parliament's powers as a devolved legislature?
The legislative competence of the Parliament species what areas?
To what body are certain powers explicitly specified as being reserved for?
The Scottish Parliament may legislate as it pleases as long as the powers aren't already reserved by where?
What act convened the old parliament of Scotland?
When was the old parliament of Scotland convened?
What parliament has no power to legislate in any areas?
Which parliament has no ability to amend the terms of reference of the Scottish Parliament?
The meeting of the what took place on 12 March 1999?
What remained an important issue in Scottish national identity for many years?
How many hundred of years was Scotland directly governed by the parliament of Great Britain?
Why were the initial suggestions for a devolved parliament before 1914 shelved?
When was there a sharp rise in nationalism in Scotland?
What did Kllbrandon's report in 1973 recommend establishing?
What was not considered an important element in Scottish national identity?
The Second World War caused what to be shelved?
A decline in Scottish nationalism during the 1960s fueled what?
The only objective of the Kilbrandon Commission was what?
Harold Wilson published a report in what year?
Which sea was oil discovered in?
What campaigh did the Scottish National Party (SNP) run?
What did the SNP publicly opine about the oil revenues?
When did Prime Minister Wilson commit to some form of devolved legislature?
When was the final legislative proposals for a Scottish Assembly passed?
Discovery of gas in the North Sea resulted in what?
President Wilson committed his government to what in 1974?
Final proposals for a Scottish Assembly were passed by the United States Parliament in what year?
The "It's Scotland's oil" campaign resulted from the discovery of what in the South Sea?
Where was an elected assembly to be set up, under the terms of the Scotland Act of 1978?
How many of the Scottish electorate would need to for it on the referendum?
How did trying to establish a devolved Scottish Assembly go in 1979?
What percentage of the vote for a Scottish Assembly in favor of it?
What percentage of Scotland's voting population failed to actually vote?
51.6% was not in favor of what?
Under the Scotland Act of 1988, what would be set up in Edinburgh?
The referendum to establish a devolved Scottish Assembly succeeded in what year?
What percentage of the non-eligible voting population did not vote?