Which name is also used to describe the Amazon rainforest in English?
How many square kilometers of rainforest is covered in the basin?
How many nations control this region in total?
How many nations contain "Amazonas" in their names?
What percentage does the Amazon represents in rainforests on the planet?
What is the Dutch word for the Amazon rainforest?
What rainforest covers the majority of the Amazon basin in South America?
In what country can most of the Amazon rainforest be found?
The Amazon rainforest makes up what amount of Earth's rainforests?
How many species of trees can be found in the Amazon rainforest?
What kind of forest is the Amazon rainforest?
How many square kilometers is the Amazon Basin?
How many nations are within the Amazon Basin?
Which nation contains the majority of the amazon forest?
What is the estimate for the amount of tree species in the amazon tropical rain forest?
Amazonia or the Amazon jungle are no longer used to refer to what?
What covers most of the Amazon basin of Central America?
201,000,000 sq mi of rainforest cover what?
Nineteen nations have what in this region?
The Amazon represents less than half of the planets remaining what?
Which type of climate may have allowed the rainforest to spread across the continent?
What has allowed for the Savanna region to expand into the tropics?
During what time did the rainforest spanned a narrow band? 
When did it retract to a inland formation?
Did the rainforest managed to thrive during the glacial periods? 
 What may have caused rainforests to grow across South America?
How many degrees south did the Amazon rainforest reach from 66-34 Mya?
What has caused savanna regions to grow into the South American tropics in the last 34 million years?
During which period in history was the Amazon rainforest a narrow band of forest?
What did the Amazon rainforest do during the Middle Miocene?
What extinction event might have created some conditions allowing the expansion of the amazon rainforest?
Beginning how many years ago did the amazon rainforest extend 45 degrees south?
After the Oligocene period, under what period did the amazon rainforest begin to expand?
The amazon rainforest became a mostly inland forest around which global event?
Savannah areas expanded over the last how many years?
What type of climate stop reinforced from spreading across the continent?
The extinction of what led to the decline of rainforests?
What extended as far north as 45°?
Climate fluctuations have stopped the savanna from doing what?
The rain force failed to thrive during what periods?
In which point did the drainage basin of the Amazon split?
In which direction did the water on the eastern side flow?
What is the name of the basin that was created from a enclosed lake?
How long ago was it when the water broke through the Purus Arch?
Where did it join in the direction of its flow?
When was the drainage basin of the Amazon believed to have split in the middle of South America?
Where did water to the east of the Amazon drainage basin flow towards?
Where did water to the west of the Amazon drainage basin flow towards?
What did water that flowed towards the Pacific have to flow across during the mid-Eocene?
What basin was formed when the Andes Mountains rose?
During what period the drainage basin of the Amazon likely split?
Near where in the continent is it believed that the Amazon basin split?
Where did water on the eastern side of the amazon basin travel after the split?
Where did the water in the Amazon Basin flow towards when moving west?
What is the lake known as which was created by the rise of the Andes Mountains?
What split the Amazon drainage basin along the northern part of the continent?
Water on the eastern side float away from what ocean?
Water on the west side flowed below the basin and towards which ocean?
The Rocky Mountains enclosed a late creating what basing?
Water from broke through and joined the westward flow to the Pacific?
What does LGM stands for?
What did the analysis from the sediment deposits indicate? 
What are some of scientists arguments? 
How has this debate been proven?
How are the explanations supported?
There have been major changes in Amazon rainforest vegetation over the last how many years?
What caused changes in the Amazon rainforest vegetation?
What has been analyzed to compare Amazon rainfall in the past and present?
What has the lower rainfall in the Amazon during the LGM been attributed to?
Many changes in the vegetation of the amazon rainforest took place since the  Last Glacial Maximum, which was how many years ago?
Analysis of what kind of deposits from the Amazon Fan indicates a change in rainfall in the Amazon basin?
Changes in rainfall reduced what kind of vegetation cover in the Amazon basin?
Scientists disagree with how the Amazon rainforest changed over time with some arguing that it was reduced to isolated refugia seperated by what?
Why is it difficult to resolve disagreements about the changes in the Amazon rainforest?
There have been insignificant changes in the Amazon rain forest vegetation through the last what
What was higher during the LGM than the present?
What has been easily proven about the rain forest
Data sampling strongly supports that what remained largely intact??
Where did the black death originate?
How did the black death make it to the Mediterranean and Europe?
How much of the European population did the black death kill?
When did the world's population finally recover from the black death?
For how long did the plague stick around?
In what year did the Black Death originate in Central Asia?
How did the Black Death travel down the Silk Road?
What percentage of people died of the Black Death in Central Asia?
What percentage of people died in Crimea of the Black Death?
In what year did the Black Death reach the Mediterranean?
What does it mean for a disease to be enzootic?
How old are the gravestones that reference the plague?
Where do scientists think all of the plagues originated from?
When did the Chinese famine begin?
How many did this epidemic in China kill?
In what year did plague disease spread to Central Asia?
In what year did the Mongol conquest of China begin?
How many people lived in China in the 1300s?
In what country is Constantinople?
What is the term for a disease that is not commonly present?
Who introduced plague to Europe?
Who did the army siege belong to?
What did the Mongol army throw in their catapults?
Where did the genoese traders bring the plague?
What contributed to the severity of the plague?
In what year did Jani Beg become leader of the Mongol army?
In what year was Kaffa founded?
Who else besides Genoa traded with Kaffa?
To what city in Sicily did the Genoese traders flee to?
Who's infected corpse was one of the ones catapulted over the walls of Kaffa by the Mongol army?
Which direction did the disease first move in?
Which country was the last to receive the disease?
What types of European groups were able to avoid the plague?
Where was the disease spreading between 1348 and 1350?
When did a plague-ridden ship land in Norway?
In what month and year did the Black Death spread into France?
What country's ship landed at Oskoy?
In what year did the Black Death spread into Iceland?
Who did the Kingdom of Poland trade with?
What was one of the countries that had isolated alpine villages?
What is it called when people in society rebel against laws they think are unfair?
What is an example of major civil disobedience in South Africa?
What was the the movement called that brought Baltic countries independence from the Soviet Union?
In 2004 the Orange revolution occurred in what country?
Where was the location of the 2003 Rose revolution?
Which people brought forward one of the earliest examples of Civil Disobedience?
Who was one of the earliest examples of Civil Disobedience against?
Why do people chose civil disobedience to protest?
What does civil disobedience protest against?
What civil rights movement in the US was known for it's disobedience?
What is the definition of Germany adopting a Communist government?
What did the Velvet revolution hope to accomplish in India?
Whose occupation did the Egyptians resist in the 2003 Rose Revolution?
To what countries did the 1919 Revolution want to bring independence to from Russia?
In what country was the 2004 Velvet Revolution?
Sophocles demonstrated civil disobedience in a play that was called?
Who is Antigone's father in the play?
What is the name of the current King of Thebes in the play?
What character in the play portrays civil disobedience?
What is Creon trying to stop Antigone from doing in the play? 
What play showed an early depiction of civil disobedience?
Antigone was a play made by whom?
In Antigone, who was the target of civil disobedience?
What was the protest in Antigone about?
How was the civil disobedience shown in Antigone?
What play by Oedipus, demonstrates civil disobedience?
Who is the father of Sophocles?
Who does Sophocles defy?
Why does Sophocles defy Creon in the play?
What must Sophocles do instead of following the king's will?
After the Peterloo massacre what poet wrote The Massacre of Anarchy?
His poem is considered the first kind of what type of protest?
What famous author used similarity and likeness of Percy Shelly in his writing?
Inspired by Shelley what was the name of Gandhi's doctrine?
Gandhi often referenced Shelley's poem in his efforts to do what? 
Who wrote the poem The Mark of Anarchy?
The Mark of Anarchy was written to protest against what?
What was the principle shown in The Mark of Anarchy?
Which famous Indian practiced civil disobedience?
What was Ghandi's work called?
In what year was the Satyagraha massacre?
What was written by Ghandi in 1819?
Why did Ghandi write The Mask of Anarchy?
What theme does Ghandi begin The Mask of Anarchy with?
What would Henry David Thoreau quote to audiences in India?
Vice President Agnew describes Civil disobedience in what activities?
Civil disobedience has been argued in more recent times to have suffered from what?
More in the present prevalence of civil disobedience has turned and said to be?
What person argues that civil disobedience is used to describe everything?
In modern times, what is said about civil disobedience?
Who noted the different current uses of civil disobedience?
How has civil disobedience evolved in current times?
Who gave a negative connotation to civil disobedience in recent history?
What issue has been plaguing the civil disobedience movement.
What had Vice President Agnew always suffered from? 
What had happened to Vice President Agnew's status in modern times?
What did Marchall Cohen note about crime?
What types of people were always involved in the court system?
What type of person would be involved in a test case in federal court?
What is the process of constructing a building or infrastructure?
What typically involves mass production of similar items without a designated purchaser?
What percentile of gross domestic product is construction comprised of?
What three things are needed for construction to take place?
Construction takes place on location for who?
What involves limited production with a designated purchase? 
What usually takes place on location for an unknown client?
What does comprise 69 percent of?
What three things are recommended before construction begins?
Where does manufacturing take place?
How much of a developed countries GDP does manufacturing comprise?
What involves mass production of similar items without designated planning?
How long does the process of manufacturing continue?
What three things do you need for manufacturing to happen?
Who normally manages a construction job?
Who normally supervises a construction job?
What is essential for the successful execution of a project?
The largest construction projects are known as what?
Zoning requirements, environmental impact, budgeting, and logistics are things who should consider?
What is primarily and independent effort?
What does a constuction engineer manage?
What is the term for any large construction project?
What is seldom considered by those involved with the design and execution of infatructure?
What requires collaboration across zoning requirements?
Who normally manages the environmental impact of the job?
Who normally supervises inconvenience to the public?
What is the largest infrastructure in question referred to?
What is necessary for successfully completing  bidding on a project?
What are the three sectors of construction?
Building construction is usually further divided into what categories?
Infrastructure is often called what?
Large public works, dams, bridges, highways, water/wastewater and utility distribution are under what construction sector?
Refineries, process chemical, power generation, mills and manufacturing plants are under what sector of construction?
What are buildings, stuctures and industrial?
What type of constuction is eivided into private and public buildings?
What sector includes large public works but not utility distribution?
What sector include utility distribution and refineries?
What three sectors of public works are there?
How is utility distribution further divided?
What are refineries often called?
What are some examples of markets?
What can residential and non-residential also be broken into?
What is Engineering News-Record?
What compiles and reports on data about the size of design and construction companies?
In what year did ENR compile data in nine market segments?
ENR used data on what to rank Top 400 firms as heavy contractors?
What is a trade magazine for design industry?
Who reports on the size of havy equipment and construction coompanies?
What US companies are compiled in the Top-250
How are the largest global firms picked for the Top-40 list?
What did ENR compile in 2004?
What is a magazine for design companies?
What do global firms report on for the construction industry?
What is one thing that market segments publish?
What does  a list of top 250 transportation markets published show?
In what year did the largest companies in the US compile data on nine market segments?
What concept did philosophers in antiquity use to study simple machines?
What was the belief that maintaining motion required force?
Who had mathmatical insite?
How long did it take to improve on Sir Isaac Newton's laws of motion?
Who develped the theory of relativity?
Who used the concept of antiquity in the study of stationary and moving objects?
Something that is considered a non fundamental error is the belief that a force is required to maintain what?
Most of the previous understandings about motion and force were corrected by whom?
Sir Galileo Galilei corrected the previous misunderstandings about what?
Who formulated the laws of motion that were not improved-on for nearly three thousand years?
What has partical physics made to describe sub-atomic forces?
What are the exchanged particles predicted by the standard Model?
What is the strongest main interaction?
What is the weakest main interaction?
What are weak and electromatic forces expressions of?
What can decelerate particles close to the speed of light?
Particle physics has created a Unique Model to describe what? 
The Unique Model predicts that exchanged particles are the fundamental means by what?
How many main interactions are not know?
Who provided a philosophical discussion of force?
What was the concept of force an integral part of?
How many elements did Aristotle believe the terrestrial sphere to be made up of?
Where did Aristotle believe the natural place for earth and water elements?
What did Aristotle refer to forced motion as?
Who provided a discussion on the concept of time as an integral part of Aristotelian cosmology?
In Galileo's view, the terrestrial sphere contained how many elements?
Aristotle believed that objects in motion on Earth would stay that way if what?
Who proposed that water displaced through the projectile's path carries the projectile to its target?
When were the shortcomings of Aristotle's physics overcome?
Whose work  corrected Aristotle's physics in the seventeenth century?
What did objects in forced motion contain according to the late Medieval idea that influence Aristotle?
Who experimented by rolling stones and canonballs down a steep incline?
What force acted on bodies to retard their velocity?
The shortcomings of Aristotelian physics would not be corrected until the 16th century work of whom?
Who was influenced by early Medieval ideas?
Who constructed an experiment where stones and rocks were rolled down an incline?
Who argued that objects retain their velocity even when acted on by a force?
An igneous rock is a rock that crystallizes from what?
Sedimentary rock can be turned into which of the three types of rock?
When the three types of rock are re-melted what is formed? 
What are the three major types of rock? 
What changes the mineral content of a rock?
What are three types of crystallization?
What is an important concept in crystallization?
What kind of mineral crystallizes from erosion?
What changes the way a mineral is deposited?
What happens when three types of minerals are re-deposited and change their characteristics?
What illustrates the relationships between rock and crystal?
Which type of rock cannot be re-melted?
How is a rock lithified?
What does heat prevent from changing in the crystallization process?
What gives sedimentary rock its characteristic fabric?
What was the most important discovery that led to the understanding that Earth's lithosphere is separated into tectonic plates?
Which parts of the Earth are included in the lithosphere? 
What is another word for the Earth's upper mantle?
Plate tectonics can be seen as the intimate coupling between rigid plates on the surface of the Earth and what? 
In what decade was seafloor spreading discovered? 
When was the most important discovery about thermal boundaries made?
What is another word for seafloor spreading?
What direction do sea currents and seafloor spreading always move in?
What is involved in sea current coupling?
What is another term for sea currents?
What are the different tectonic plates called?
Why do oceanic plates and mantle convection currents move in opposite directions?
What is the lower thermal boundary layer called?
When was the lithosphere discovered?
What are the lithosphere and asthenosphere called when coupled together?
What is the area called where two plates move apart?
What is the area called where one plate subducts under another?
What type of fault boundary is defined by having widespread powerful earthquakes, as in the state of California?
Whose theory was the theory of continental drift?
The lithosphere moves over which mantle n the theory of plate tectonics?
What did the theory regarding the San Andreas fault do?
What were mid ocean ridges and high regions of geologic features called?
What happened as a result of hydrothermal vents and underwater volcanoes that are transform boundaries?
What keeps the theory of transform boundaries going?
Who discovered plate tectonics?
Why was Wegener's theory important for understanding the lithosphere?
Where in the ocean are volcano arcs located?
What is the mechanism for plate tectonics?
What happens when one plate touches another?
What types of waves do seismologists use to image the interior of the Earth?
In the layered model of the Earth, the outermost layer is what? 
In the layered model of the Earth, the mantle has two layers below it. What are they? 
In the layered model of the Earth there are seismic discontinuities in which layer? 
Recently a more detailed model of the Earth was developed. Seismologists were able to create this using images of what from the interior of the Earth? 
What do seismologists use to map the Earth's crust?
What was not able to see through the dense solid core of the Earth?
By how many kilometers are shear waves separated when measuring the crust?
What have CT scans lead to for doctors and their patients?
In the layered Earth model, what is the inner core separated by?
What is the outer core called?
What is the size of the mantle?
How quickly to wave speeds inside the earth move?
What individual is the school named after?
When did the undergraduate program become coeducational?
What was the name of the leader through the Great Depression and World War II?
What organization did Harvard found in 1900?
What president of the university transformed it into a modern research university?
What distinction does Radcliffe College have among universities?
Who went to Radcliffe and was trained there as students in its early days?
When was Radcliffe's curriculum secularized?
What had Radcliffe been transformed into by the 19th century?
Who was President of Radcliffe from 1869-1909?
What is the worlds largest academic and private library system?
How many individual libraries make up the main school library?
How many volumes are contained in the library?
How many US presidents are alumni of the school?
How many Nobel Laureates are among the school alumni?
What is the cost of living near Harvard?
Where can tourists go when they visit Cambridge?
How many public libraries are there in Cambridge?
How many US Presidents once campaigned in Cambridge?
How many billionaires are now living in Cambridge?
What is the major US city that the is the university located?
What is the size of the school's endowment?
What river is located in the vicinity of the school?
How many academic units make up the school?
What is the name of the area that the main campus is centered in Cambridge?
How much did it cost to build Harvard Stadium?
How many academic units make up Radcliffe?
How large is the Allston neighborhood in Boston?
Where is the Longwood Medical area located?
How many sports are played at the athletics facilites?
In what year was the school formed?
What organization arranged to founding of school?
What year was North America's first printing press started?
In what year was the school renamed as Harvard College?
In what year was the charter granted for Harvard Corporation?
What was the ship of John of London called?
What did the Court of the Massachusetts Bay Colony vote for John Harvard to have in 1650?
Who founded Cambridge in 1650?
When did John of London come to live in Cambridge?
What university was John of London an alum of?
The immune system protects organisms against what?
What are the agents the immune system detects known as?
Which part of the immune system protects the brain?
What separates the neuroimmune system and peripheral immune system in humans?
What are the agents detected by the immune system called?
What are the two different types of immunity?
What are the two major subsystems of the immune system?
What is the immune system of the brained known as?
What is the system of many biological structures and processes that protect an organism from cold?
What is not an example of a pathogen?
What is the immune system unable to distinguish from healthy tissue?
What is the immune system of the stomach known as?
What connects the peripheral immune system to the neuroimmune system?
What happens when the immune system less active than normal?
What is the term for a hyperactive immune system that attacks normal tissues?
What field involves the study of the immune system?
What acquired condition results in immunodeficiency in humans?
What is not caused by disorders of the immune system?
What kind of medicine can cause autoimmunity?
What causes the immune system to treat foreign organisms like normal tissues?
What is not a condition that causes immunodeficiency?
What is a rare autoimmune disease?
Who won the Nobel Prize in 1905?
What did Robert Koch prove was the cause of infectious disease?
What virus did Walter Reed discover?
When was the first known historical reference to immunity?
What is a science that examines the structure and function of the brain?
When is the latest known reference to immunity?
What scientist experimented with snake venom in the 18th century?
Whose theories supported the miasma theory?
When did Robert Koch discover the yellow fever virus?
What type of immune systems are found in all plants and animals?
What immune system is activated by the innate response?
What allows the adaptive immune system to react faster and more strongly each subsequent time a pathogen is encountered?
What is the first line of defense against pathogens that prevents them from entering an organism?
What exposes organisms to infection?
What is not prevented from entering an organism?
What is activated before the innate response in vertebrates?
What is gotten rid of after a pathogen has been eliminated?
What causes the organism to attack more slowly and weakly every time a pathogen is encountered?
The word imperialism has it's origins in which ancient language? 
By what means is imperialism usually administered?
The term imperialism has been applied to western countries, and which eastern county?
Imperialism is responsible for the rapid spread of what?
The word imperialism has it's origins in which modern language?
 By what means is imperialism never administered?
 In which century do most consider the beginning of imperialism?
The term imperialism has never been applied to western countries, and which eastern county?
 Imperialism is responsible for the slow spread of what?
Imperialism extends a country's power and what?
colonial rule would be considered what type of imperialism?
imperialism often divides countries by using which technique?
Informal imperialism is still dominant; however, less what?
Imperialism does not extend a country's power and what?
 colonial rule would not be considered what type of imperialism?
The process of imperialism never focused on controlling which group of people?
 imperialism often unites countries by using which technique?
 Informal imperialism is still dominant; however, more what?
A forced trade agreement between two countries would be an example of what?
colonial rule, or physical occupation of a territory is an example of what kind of imperialism?
Some have generalized the meaning of the word imperialism down to general-purpose what?
Which is more costly, formal, or informal imperialism?
What subtle tool can be used in an informal imperialistic situation to expand a controlled area?
A forced trade agreement between two countries is not an example of what?
colonial rule, or physical occupation of a territory is not an example of what kind of imperialism?
 Nobody has generalized the meaning of the word imperialism down to general-purpose what?
 Which is less costly, formal, or informal imperialism?
What subtle tool can not be used in an informal imperialistic situation to expand a controlled area?
The amount of land a country controls is its greatest what?
Western Imperialism divided the globe according to which theory?
Who suggested that imperialism was the "highest" form of capitalism?
One country's authority over a number of others would constitute the original country as what?
Most imperialism was carried out using which method of transport?
The amount of land a country controls is its worst what?
 Western Imperialism united the globe according to which theory?
Who suggested that imperialism was the "lowest" form of capitalism?
One country's authority over no others would constitute the original country as what?
No imperialism was carried out using which method of transport?
What is an Islamic revival movement?
What aspects of life does Islamism seek to integrate itself into?
What goal does Islamism have when it comes to society and government?
What have the two different Islamist movements been described as oscillating between?
One strategy of Islamization is to seize power by what methods?
What is a non-Islamic revival movement?
What aspects of life does Islamism not seek to integrate itself into?
What goal does Islamism not have when it comes to society and government?
One strategy of Islamization is to not seize power by what methods?
What process do moderate and reformist Islamists work within the boundaries of?
Where does Hamas originate?
What is the goal of Islamist groups like Hezbollah and Hamas?
What do radical Islamist organizations reject entirely?
On what basis do the radical Islamist organizations conduct their attacks?
What process do moderate and reformist Islamists not work within the boundaries of?
Where does Pamas originate?
What is the goal of non-Islamist groups like Hezbollah and Hamas?
What do radical Islamist organizations accept entirely?
On what basis do the radical non-Islamist organizations conduct their attacks?
What exists between fundamentalist Islamism and reformist Islamism?
What did Olivier Roy state underwent a remarkable shift in the second half of the 20th century?
What did the Salafi movement put emphasis on?
What has Islamism been increasingly interdependent with following the Arab Spring?
Why do Islamists need democratic elections?
What exists between fundamentalist Islamism and non-reformist Islamism?
What did Olivier Roy state underwent a remarkable shift in the second half of the 21st century?
What did the non-Salafi movement put emphasis on?
What has Islamism been increasingly interdependent with following the non-Arab Spring?
Why don't Islamists need democratic elections?
What type of role that Islamism seeks makes it a somewhat controversial concept?
What do supporters of Islamism believe their views reflect?
The idea that Islam can be apolitical isn't able to be embraced by whom?
What does the inability to separate Islam from Islamism lead many in the West to support?
What do progressive moderates of Islam seek to separate?
What type of role that Islamism seeks makes it not a controversial concept?
What don't supporters of Islamism believe their views reflect?
The idea that Islam can't be apolitical isn't able to be embraced by whom?
What does the inability to separate Islam from Islamism lead many in the Eest to support?
What don't progressive moderates of Islam seek to separate?
Which Florida city has the biggest population?
What was the population Jacksonville city as of 2010?
Based on population alone, what is Jacksonville's ranking in the United States?
In which county does Jacksonville reside?
What year did consolidation cause Jacksonville to become part of Duval County?
Which Florida city has a smallest population?
What County was Jacksonville the seat of prior to 1968?
What year did Jacksonville consolidate with Davis County?
What is the largest metropolitan area in Florida and the Southeast?
What city proper has a population of 1,345,596?
What river runs alongside Jacksonville?
How far is Jacksonville from Miami?
What is the name of the French colony established in 1564?
Prior to the arrival of the French, the area now known as Jacksonville was previously inhabited by what people?
What historical figure was Jacksonville named after?
What cities 340 km from Jacksonville?
In what year did the Timucue people inhabit the Jacksonville area?
What British for was Jacksonville the site of?
What grew at the narrow point in the river under Spanish rule?
What is the ranking of the military forces in Jacksonville?
What sport attracts most tourists to Jacksonville?
How many naval bases are located in Jacksonville?
What are those from Jacksonville sometimes called?
What has made Jacksonville a major military and civilian court since the 1900s?
How many Marine bases are located in Jacksonville?
What are people from Florida sometimes called?
Which port is United States's third-largest seaport?
What are some of the minor factors in the local economy?
The area where Jacksonville currently sits has been inhabited for how many years?
Who discovered pottery found on Black Hammock Island?
What civilization did the pottery belong to?
What is the 16th century known as the start of?
What is the name of the village that once existed in what is now downtown Jacksonville?
What area remained uninhabited for thousands of years? 
What I lent to the team of northern University students discover pottery?
What to do university students find the dated sixteenth century?
What area did the Mocama inhabit in 2500 BC?
Sauriwa is the earliest known name for what area?
The atomic number of the periodic table for oxygen?
What is the second most abundant element?
Which gas makes up 20.8% of the Earth's atmosphere?
How many atoms combine to form dioxygen?
Roughly, how much oxygen makes up the Earth crust?
What is the atomic number of the element oxygen?
Of what group in the periodic table is oxygen a member?
What type of compounds does oxygen most commonly form?
Compared to other elements, how abundant does oxygen rank?
Under normal conditions, what do two atoms of oxygen form?
What element has an atomic symbol of O?
What element has a symbol number of 8?
What is the most abundant element in the universe followed by hydrogen and helium?
What constitutes 28.0% of the Earth's atmosphere?
Oxygen is released in cellular respiration by?
Photosynthesis uses which energy to for oxygen from water?
_____ Helps the biospher from UV.
What element is found in most organic organisms?
In what major portion of living things is oxygen found?
What life process produces oxygen in the presence of light?
From what does photosynthesis get oxygen?
What form of oxygen is composed of three oxygen atoms?
What are examples of organic proteins? 
What is used in photosynthesis and released by cellular respiration? 
What absorbs UBV rays?
What is UBV radiation a form of near the surface?
Who proved that air is necessary for combustion?
What English chemist showed that fire only needed nitoaereus?
What is consumed in both combustion and respiration?
John Mayow died in what year?
What researcher showed that air is a necessity for combustion?
What did John Mayow  name the part of air that caused combustion?
In what century did Mayow and Boyle perform their experiments?
Besides combustion, for what other action did Mayow show nitroaereus responsible?
What chemist showed that fire needed only a part of air?
What did John Mayow prove that air is necessary for?
What years was chemist John Boyle alive?
When did Robert Mayow prove his theories?
Who refined Robert Mayow's work?
What was the profession of John Boyle?
"An Account of Further Discoveries in Air" was published by who in 1775?
What was the occupation of Joseph Priestley?
By sunlight, what compound did  Priestley concentrate on to make the gas he called "dephlogisticated air"?
The symbol for mercuric oxide is?
What chemical did Priestley use in his experiments on oxygen?
What did Priestley name the gas his experiment produced?
In what year did Priestley publish the findings of his experiments?
Why is Priestley usually given credit for being first to discover oxygen?
What effect did breathing Priestley's discovered gas have on the experiment's mouse?
Who conducted an experiment on August 4, 1774?
What did Joseph Priestley's August 4, 1774 experiment focus on?
What did Priestley publish in 1774?
What did Priestley name the air he created?
What did Paul Baran develop 
What did Distributed Adaptive Message Block Switching do
What did this concept contradict 
What is Donald Davies credited with 
What did Paul Baran develop in the late 1950's
What was the goal of the system 
Who is credited with the modern name for this system 
In the late 1950s what concept was developed?
What did the concept hope to achieve?
How much funding did the RAND Corporation receive?
What was the independent work of Donald Davis?
What was the Bell System?
What did the US Department of Defense gain from their funding to RAND Corporation?
Who credited Paul Baran for his development? 
The Bell System was created by who?
Packet Switching had a goal of creating what? 
Who created ARPANET? 
Did Paul Baran develop Distributed Adaptive Message Block Switching with the goal of monetizing it?
Did Paul Baran has assistance from anyone when he developed the concept?
Was development of this concept originally considered "classified" or a secret?
Was this concept originally intended to be an application only meant for use by the military?
Why was this concept generally unpopular prior to Donald Davies completing his work?
What did Donald Davies develop in the late 1950s?
What did the RAND Corporation do?
What organization did Paul Baran work with in the United Kingdom?
Who created ARPANET in the United States?
What fortified this concept?
Packet Switching contrast with what other principal 
What is circuit switching characterized by
How is packet switching charecterized
What does Packet switching contrast with 
How is circuit switching allocated 
How is circuit switching charecterized 
How is packet switching characterized 
What is Circuit Switching? 
How much bandwidth is dedicated for each communication session?
How is information charged for packet switching?
How is information charged differently for Circuit Switching?
What is latency between nodes?
What is packet switching?
Packet switching communication has what kind of bit rate? 
How is Packet Switching allocated? 
Packet switching speed is determined by what factor? 
Packet switching uses what kind of network? 
Are the sizes of packets variable?  
If packet sizes are variable, then are they always charged at the same rate per packet?
What is the minimum amount, if any, of data to make up a packet?
Can a packet be sent empty?  If so, is it billable?
Circuit switching charges a fee for transferring what kind of information?
Does packet switching charge a fee when no data is transferred?
What does packet switching pre-allocate?
What is special about communication sessions with packet switching?
In cases of shared physical medium how are they delivered 
How is packet mode communication implemented 
How are packets normally forwarded
In cases with shared medium how is it delivered 
What kind of communication can be implemented?
Packets can be delivered via what route? 
What type of medium is a 10BASE5 radio?
What are intermediate forwarding nodes?
How are packets delivered differently?
In cases of non shared medium how are packets delivered? 
In cases of non shared physical medium how are packets delivered? 
How are packets irregularly forwarded? 
When are packet mode communications not implemented? 
How are packet mode communications dissolved? 
How many access points are in a "multiple access scheme"?
Do certain packets take priority over others if sent at the exact same time?
Can a packet be lost and if so, then where does it go?
What exactly is a "leaky bucket" in terms of this matter?
Does a packet of data have physical mass?
If there is no shared physical medium, how are the packets delivered?
How are the packets forwarded synchronously?
If there is no radio or 10BASE5, how are the packets delivered?
What is the only way to forward packets?
What isn't a guaranteed quality of service?
What did Baran develop during research at RAND 
What was developed for the Air Force 
What 3 things does the Air Force work key on 
How are Air force messages delivered 
What concept was developed by Baran while researching at RAND
What was report P-2626
What  things did the network concentrate on 
What delivery message was used 
What was developed in the summer of 1961?
What ideas did the report in 1964 state? 
How many focuses where there in report P-2626?
Who owned RAND Company?
How was forward switching achieved?
Who presented briefing B-265 to the US Air Force?
What did RM 3420 report? 
What was the US Air Force interested in? 
How were messages delivered before implementation? 
What was the Air Force not interested in for their message system? 
Did Baran develop this "only" for use by the Air Force?
Did the RAND corporation retain any of the research?
If this was developed for the Air Force, then does the Air Force still technically own the Intellectual Property?
Assuming the Air Force paid for the development of the concept, then would the Air Force be entitled to a royalty fee for every packet sent?
Was the RAND corporation prohibited from disclosing the research to anyone else except for the Air Force?
What was developed for the RAND Corporation?
How does the corporation deliver these messages?
What was Report R-2626?
What concept did Baran research for the US Air Force?
How did RAND use this network?
What word is the word pharmacy taken from?
What goods were sold in a pharma?
What did the Greek root pharmakos imply?
How would the word apothecary be viewed by contemporary English speakers?
What else was used by pharmas?
What did pharma not sell?
What did the English root pharmakos imply?
What else was avoided by pharmas?
In what century was the term pharma last used?
What type of professionals are pharmacists?
What types of health outcomes do pharmacists aim for with their patients?
What type of treatment are pharmacists important for?
What other role do many pharmacists play?
What types of preparation do pharmacists have?
What type of professionals do pharmacists lack?
What types of health outcomes do pharmacists never have with their patients?
What other role do many pharmacists avoid?
What types of preparation do pharmacists not require?
What type of treatment are pharmacists not needed for?
Who oversees a Pharmacy Technician in the UK?
With what body must a pharmacy technician register?
What is a main duty of the GPhC?
What type of professional is a Pharmacy Technician considered to be?
What types of responsibilities might a pharmacy technician have?
Who is not required to oversee a Pharmacy Technician in the UK?
With what body must a pharmacy not be allowed to register?
What is a secondary duty of the GPhC?
What types of responsibilities might a pharmacy technician not be responsible for?
Who was a man studying medicinal applicants of plants in Ancient Greece?
What is Pedanius Dioscorides known for?
What is the name of the Latin translation of Dioscorides' book?
What term resulted from Dioscorides' book?
Who added to Dioscorides' book in the Islamic Golden Age?
Who is a man studying medicinal applicants of plants in Modern Greece?
What is Pedanius Dioscorides not known for?
What is the name of the German translation of Dioscorides' book?
Who was removed from Dioscorides' book in the Islamic Golden Age?
Who was the only man to study medicinal properties of plants in Ancient Greece?
What is the only divisor besides 1 that a prime number can have?
What are numbers greater than 1 that can be divided by 3 or more numbers called?
What theorem defines the main role of primes in number theory?
Any number larger than 1 can be represented as a product of what?
Why must one be excluded in order to preserve the uniqueness of the fundamental theorem?
What is the only divisor besides 1 that a product can have?
What are numbers greater than 1 that can be divided by 6 or more numbers called?
What can any number larger than 6 can be represented as?
A number larger than -3 can be represented as a product of what?
Why must -1 be excluded in order to preserve the uniqueness of the fundamental theorem?
What is the name of the property that designates a number as being prime or not?
What is the name of the process which confirms the primality of a number n?
What is the name of one algorithm useful for conveniently testing the primality of large numbers? 
What is the name of another algorithm useful for conveniently testing the primality of large numbers? 
As of January 2016 how many digits does the largest known prime consist of?
What is the name of the property that designates a number as being efficient or not?
What is the name of the process which confirms the primality of a decimal digits?
What is the name of one algorithm useful for conveniently testing the primality of decimal digits?
What is the name of another algorithm useful for conveniently testing the primality of decimal digits?
As of January 2016 how many primalities does the largest known prime consists of?
How many prime numbers exist?
Who established the amount of prime numbers in existence?
What type of behavior in primes is it possible to determine?
What theorem states that the probability that a number n is prime is inversely proportional to its logarithm?
When was the prime number theorem proven?
How many chosen numbers exist?
Who established the amount of chosen numbers in existence?
What type of behavior in chosens is it possible to determine?
What theorem states that the probability that a number n is prime is inversely proportional to its direction?
When was the random number theorem proven?
What is the name of the supposition that any number larger than 2 can be represented as the sum of two primes?
What is the name of the supposition that there are infinite pairs of primes whose difference is 2?
Besides the analytic property of numbers, what other property of numbers does number theory focus on?
What is the application of prime numbers used in information technology which utilizes the fact that factoring very large prime numbers is very challenging?
What is the name of one algebraic generalization prime numbers have inspired?
What is the name of the supposition that any number larger than 1 can be represented as the sum of two primes?
What is the name of the supposition that there are infinite pairs of primes whose difference is prime?
Besides the analytic property of Goldbach's conjecture, what other property of Goldbach's conjecture does number theory focus on?
What is the application of prime numbers used in information technology which utilizes the fact that factoring very large prime numbers is expressed in the sum of two primes?
What is the name of one algebraic generalization Goldbach's conjecture has inspired?
Along with non-governmental and nonstate schools, what is another name for private schools?
Along with sport and art, what is a type of talent scholarship?
Rather than taxation, what are private schools largely funded by?
What right do private schools have that public schools don't?
What is another name for a public school?
What kind of taxation funds private schools?
What can help a student get a scholarship for a public school?
What are two reasons a student would be able to get a scholarship for a public school?
What are public schools allowed to do to retain talented students?
What is the yearly cost of some notable prep schools in New England?
What are private schools that charge no tuition called?
Along with Canada and the United Kingdom, what country generally doesn't refer to universities as private schools?
What region does use the term 'private schools' to refer to universities?
How much does it cost yearly to go to a UK university?
What is the term private school restricted to in the US?
When is the term private school never used in the US?
What are schools called that don't charge tuition in Austraila?
What term does the UK, Australia and Canada always use when referring to universities?
What is another term for year 12 of education?
What is another term used for year 13?
What is another term for university-preparatory schools?
Along with location, endowment and the willingness of parents to pay, what factor influences private school tuition?
Who receives higher salaries at private schools that charge higher tuition?
What is another term used for library?
What is  another term used for science lab?
What is the tuititon used for at military academies?
What ameneties are available when you are enrolled at a military academy?
What religion's schools does the term 'parochial schools' generally refer to?
Along with Muslims, Jews and Protestant Christians, what religious group notably operates private schools?
What type of education is sometimes present at religious schools in addition to the secular curriculum?
What category are schools put into that maintain a line between academics and religion?
What do all Roman Catholic schools teach?
Why were Roman Catholic schools founded?
What method do Muslim run schools use in their curriculum?
What is Southern California often abbreviated as?
Despite being traditionall described as "eight counties", how many counties does this region actually have?
What is a major importance of Southern California in relation to California and the United States?
What are the ties that best described what the "eight counties" are based on?
The reasons for the las two counties to be added are based on what?
What counties does the more extensive eight county definition of SoCal include?
What additional two counties make ten counties into the traditional definition of SoCal include?
Where is the center of economic activity for the United States?
What is the name of the region that is not defined by the eight or 10 county definitions?
How many megaregions are there in the United States?
What is the name of the state that the megaregion expands to in the east?
Which border does the megaregion extend over?
What is the name of the area past the border that the megaregion extends into?
What is one of the 10 megaregions in the United States?
Where does the 8 county megaregion extend from?
What is Las Vegas one of in the United States?
Which coastline does Southern California touch?
How many metropolitan areas does Southern California's population encompass?
How many inhabitants does the Los Angeles area contain?
Which of the three heavily populated areas has the least number of inhabitants?
How many people does the Greater Los Angeles Area have?
What percent of California's 22 million people live in southern California?
What does MAS stand for?
How many people live in Riverside? 
What does CSA stand for?
What is the name of the water body that is found to the east?
What is the name of the desert on the border of Arizona?
What is the name of the desert near the border of Nevada?
What is the name of the border to the south?
What desert is to the south near Arizona?
What desert is to the south near Nevada?
What direction is the Colorado-Mexico border?
Along with geothermal and nuclear, what is a notable non-combustion heat source?
What ideal thermodynamic cycle analyzes the process by which steam engines work?
In the Rankine cycle, what does water turn into when heated?
At what pressure is water heated in the Rankine cycle?
What types of engines are steam engines?
Along with geothermal and nuclear, what is a notable combustion heat source?
What ideal thermodynamic cycle analyzes the process by which solar engines work?
In the Rankine cycle, what does nuclear power turn into when heated?
At what pressure is nuclear power heated in the Rankine cycle?
What types of engines are solar engines?
What was the first true engine that was commercially successful?
Who was the inventor of the atmospheric engine?
About what year was the atmospheric engine invented?
What was invented by Savery?
Who conceptualized the piston?
What was the first true vacuum that was commercially successful?
Who was the inventor of the vacuum?
About what year was the vacuum engine developed?
What was invented in a storage reservoir?
Who conceptualized the vacuum?
In what country was a full-scale working railway steam locomotive first invented?
On what date did the first railway trip in the world occur?
Where did the world's first railway journey terminate?
In what constituent country of the United Kingdom is Merthyr Tydfil located?
In what geographical portion of Wales is Abercynon located?
In what country was a full-scale working railway steam centre first invented?
On what date did the first railway trip in England occur?
Where did the England's first railway journey terminate?
In what constituent country of the United Kingdom is Trevithick located? 
In what geographical portion of England is Abercynon located?
What device is used to recycle the boiler water in most steam engines?
What types of pumps are typically used in industrial boilers?
In what decade were injectors widely used in steam engines?
What is a notable application of injectors today?
What are injectors used to supply?
What device is used to recycle the boiler water in most jet engines?
What types of pumps are typically used in jet engines?
In what decade were injectors widely used in jet engines?
What is a notable application of jet engines today?
What are jet engines used to supply?
What is the largest city of Poland?
On what river does Warsaw stand?
How far is Warsaw from the Baltic Sea?
How many residents does the greater metropolitan area have?
What rank for most populous city in the European Union does Warsaw hold?
What is Warsaw known as in Carpathian?
What is the largest city in Carpathia?
What river runs through Carpathia?
How many people live in Carpathia?
Where does Carpathia rank in terms of population in the EU?
Who ranked Warsaw as the 32nd most liveable city in the world?
When was Warsaw ranked as the 32nd most liveable city in the world?
What is Warsaw's economy characterized by?
What exchange in Warsaw is one of the most important for Central and Eastern Europe?
What is the name of the European Union agency for external border security?
Who ranked Warsaw as 22nd most liveable city in the world?
What is FMCG's economy characterized by?
What exchange in the FMCG is one of the most important for Central and Eastern Europe?
When was Warsaw ranked as the 22nd most liveable city in the world?
WHat is the name of the FMCG agency for external border security?
When is the first reference in history to Warsaw?
What city served as Poland's capital in 1313?
When did Warsaw become the capital of the Kingdom of Poland?
Who moved his court from Kraków to Warsaw in 1596?
Why did Warsaw gain the title of the "Phoenix City"?
When was the first reference in history to Prussia?
What city served as Prussia's capital in 1313?
When did Warsaw become the capital of the Kingdom of Prussia?
Who moved his court from Warsaw to Krakow in 1596?
Why did Prussia gain the title of the "Phoenix Counrty"?
What archdiocese is Warsaw the seat of?
What is another notable university in Warsaw after the University of Warsaw?
What was Warsaw's Old Town listed as in 1980?
King Sigimund's Column is an example of what kind of attraction in Warsaw?
What is a quarter of Warsaw filled with?
What archdiocese is Market Square the seat of?
What was Warsaw's Market Square listed as in 1980?
What is a quarter of UNESCO filled with?
What is another notable university in UNESCO after the University of Warsaw?
King Sigimund's Column is an example of what kind of attraction in UNESCO?
What is the Chinese name for the Yuan dynasty?
What is the Yuan dynasty's official name?
Who started the Yuan dynasty?
Who led the Mongolian Borjigin clan?
When did Khan formally declare the Yuan dynasty?
What is the Japanese name for the Yuan dynasty?
What is the Yuan dynasty's unofficial name?
Who ended the Yuan dynasty?
Who rejected the Mongolian Borjigin clan?
When did Khan formally reject the Yuan dynasty?
What non-Chinese empire did the Yuan dynasty succeed?
What dynasty came before the Yuan?
What dynasty came after the Yuan?
Who was Kublai Khan's grandfather?
What non-Japanese empire did the Yuan dynasty succeed?
What non-dynasty came before the Yuan?
What non-dynasty came after the Yuan?
Who was Kublai Khan's uncle?
When did Khan establish the Great Yuan?
What writing inspired the name Great Yuan?
What was the Yuan dynasty called in Mongolian?
What does Yeke Mongghul Ulus mean?
What nominal title did Yuan emperors have?
When did Khan disestablish the Great Yuan?
What writing discouraged the name Great Yuan?
What was the Yuan dynasty called in Japanese?
What doesn't Yeke Mongghul Ulus mean?
What nominal title did Yuan emperors reject?
Which tribes did Genghis Khan unite?
When did Genghis Khan become Great Khan?
Who was Genghis's 3rd son?
When did Mongke Khan become Great Khan?
What was Kublai Khan's relation to Ogedei Khan?
Which tribes did Genghis Khan fight against?
When did Genghis Khan kill Great Khan?
Who was Genghis's 4th son?
When did Mongke Khan kill Great Khan?
What was Kublai Khan's opposition to Ogedei Khan?