What did Paul Baran develop 
What did Distributed Adaptive Message Block Switching do
What did this concept contradict 
What is Donald Davies credited with 
What did Paul Baran develop in the late 1950's
What was the goal of the system 
Who is credited with the modern name for this system 
In the late 1950s what concept was developed?
What did the concept hope to achieve?
How much funding did the RAND Corporation receive?
What was the independent work of Donald Davis?
What was the Bell System?
What did the US Department of Defense gain from their funding to RAND Corporation?
Who credited Paul Baran for his development? 
The Bell System was created by who?
Packet Switching had a goal of creating what? 
Who created ARPANET? 
Did Paul Baran develop Distributed Adaptive Message Block Switching with the goal of monetizing it?
Did Paul Baran has assistance from anyone when he developed the concept?
Was development of this concept originally considered "classified" or a secret?
Was this concept originally intended to be an application only meant for use by the military?
Why was this concept generally unpopular prior to Donald Davies completing his work?
What did Donald Davies develop in the late 1950s?
What did the RAND Corporation do?
What organization did Paul Baran work with in the United Kingdom?
Who created ARPANET in the United States?
What fortified this concept?
Packet Switching contrast with what other principal 
What is circuit switching characterized by
How is packet switching charecterized
What does Packet switching contrast with 
How is circuit switching allocated 
How is circuit switching charecterized 
How is packet switching characterized 
What is Circuit Switching? 
How much bandwidth is dedicated for each communication session?
How is information charged for packet switching?
How is information charged differently for Circuit Switching?
What is latency between nodes?
What is packet switching?
Packet switching communication has what kind of bit rate? 
How is Packet Switching allocated? 
Packet switching speed is determined by what factor? 
Packet switching uses what kind of network? 
Are the sizes of packets variable?  
If packet sizes are variable, then are they always charged at the same rate per packet?
What is the minimum amount, if any, of data to make up a packet?
Can a packet be sent empty?  If so, is it billable?
Circuit switching charges a fee for transferring what kind of information?
Does packet switching charge a fee when no data is transferred?
What does packet switching pre-allocate?
What is special about communication sessions with packet switching?
In cases of shared physical medium how are they delivered 
How is packet mode communication implemented 
How are packets normally forwarded
In cases with shared medium how is it delivered 
What kind of communication can be implemented?
Packets can be delivered via what route? 
What type of medium is a 10BASE5 radio?
What are intermediate forwarding nodes?
How are packets delivered differently?
In cases of non shared medium how are packets delivered? 
In cases of non shared physical medium how are packets delivered? 
How are packets irregularly forwarded? 
When are packet mode communications not implemented? 
How are packet mode communications dissolved? 
How many access points are in a "multiple access scheme"?
Do certain packets take priority over others if sent at the exact same time?
Can a packet be lost and if so, then where does it go?
What exactly is a "leaky bucket" in terms of this matter?
Does a packet of data have physical mass?
If there is no shared physical medium, how are the packets delivered?
How are the packets forwarded synchronously?
If there is no radio or 10BASE5, how are the packets delivered?
What is the only way to forward packets?
What isn't a guaranteed quality of service?
What did Baran develop during research at RAND 
What was developed for the Air Force 
What 3 things does the Air Force work key on 
How are Air force messages delivered 
What concept was developed by Baran while researching at RAND
What was report P-2626
What  things did the network concentrate on 
What delivery message was used 
What was developed in the summer of 1961?
What ideas did the report in 1964 state? 
How many focuses where there in report P-2626?
Who owned RAND Company?
How was forward switching achieved?
Who presented briefing B-265 to the US Air Force?
What did RM 3420 report? 
What was the US Air Force interested in? 
How were messages delivered before implementation? 
What was the Air Force not interested in for their message system? 
Did Baran develop this "only" for use by the Air Force?
Did the RAND corporation retain any of the research?
If this was developed for the Air Force, then does the Air Force still technically own the Intellectual Property?
Assuming the Air Force paid for the development of the concept, then would the Air Force be entitled to a royalty fee for every packet sent?
Was the RAND corporation prohibited from disclosing the research to anyone else except for the Air Force?
What was developed for the RAND Corporation?
How does the corporation deliver these messages?
What was Report R-2626?
What concept did Baran research for the US Air Force?
How did RAND use this network?