What word is the word pharmacy taken from?
What goods were sold in a pharma?
What did the Greek root pharmakos imply?
How would the word apothecary be viewed by contemporary English speakers?
What else was used by pharmas?
What did pharma not sell?
What did the English root pharmakos imply?
What else was avoided by pharmas?
In what century was the term pharma last used?
What type of professionals are pharmacists?
What types of health outcomes do pharmacists aim for with their patients?
What type of treatment are pharmacists important for?
What other role do many pharmacists play?
What types of preparation do pharmacists have?
What type of professionals do pharmacists lack?
What types of health outcomes do pharmacists never have with their patients?
What other role do many pharmacists avoid?
What types of preparation do pharmacists not require?
What type of treatment are pharmacists not needed for?
Who oversees a Pharmacy Technician in the UK?
With what body must a pharmacy technician register?
What is a main duty of the GPhC?
What type of professional is a Pharmacy Technician considered to be?
What types of responsibilities might a pharmacy technician have?
Who is not required to oversee a Pharmacy Technician in the UK?
With what body must a pharmacy not be allowed to register?
What is a secondary duty of the GPhC?
What types of responsibilities might a pharmacy technician not be responsible for?
Who was a man studying medicinal applicants of plants in Ancient Greece?
What is Pedanius Dioscorides known for?
What is the name of the Latin translation of Dioscorides' book?
What term resulted from Dioscorides' book?
Who added to Dioscorides' book in the Islamic Golden Age?
Who is a man studying medicinal applicants of plants in Modern Greece?
What is Pedanius Dioscorides not known for?
What is the name of the German translation of Dioscorides' book?
Who was removed from Dioscorides' book in the Islamic Golden Age?
Who was the only man to study medicinal properties of plants in Ancient Greece?