Along with non-governmental and nonstate schools, what is another name for private schools?
Along with sport and art, what is a type of talent scholarship?
Rather than taxation, what are private schools largely funded by?
What right do private schools have that public schools don't?
What is another name for a public school?
What kind of taxation funds private schools?
What can help a student get a scholarship for a public school?
What are two reasons a student would be able to get a scholarship for a public school?
What are public schools allowed to do to retain talented students?
What is the yearly cost of some notable prep schools in New England?
What are private schools that charge no tuition called?
Along with Canada and the United Kingdom, what country generally doesn't refer to universities as private schools?
What region does use the term 'private schools' to refer to universities?
How much does it cost yearly to go to a UK university?
What is the term private school restricted to in the US?
When is the term private school never used in the US?
What are schools called that don't charge tuition in Austraila?
What term does the UK, Australia and Canada always use when referring to universities?
What is another term for year 12 of education?
What is another term used for year 13?
What is another term for university-preparatory schools?
Along with location, endowment and the willingness of parents to pay, what factor influences private school tuition?
Who receives higher salaries at private schools that charge higher tuition?
What is another term used for library?
What is  another term used for science lab?
What is the tuititon used for at military academies?
What ameneties are available when you are enrolled at a military academy?
What religion's schools does the term 'parochial schools' generally refer to?
Along with Muslims, Jews and Protestant Christians, what religious group notably operates private schools?
What type of education is sometimes present at religious schools in addition to the secular curriculum?
What category are schools put into that maintain a line between academics and religion?
What do all Roman Catholic schools teach?
Why were Roman Catholic schools founded?
What method do Muslim run schools use in their curriculum?