Along with geothermal and nuclear, what is a notable non-combustion heat source?
What ideal thermodynamic cycle analyzes the process by which steam engines work?
In the Rankine cycle, what does water turn into when heated?
At what pressure is water heated in the Rankine cycle?
What types of engines are steam engines?
Along with geothermal and nuclear, what is a notable combustion heat source?
What ideal thermodynamic cycle analyzes the process by which solar engines work?
In the Rankine cycle, what does nuclear power turn into when heated?
At what pressure is nuclear power heated in the Rankine cycle?
What types of engines are solar engines?
What was the first true engine that was commercially successful?
Who was the inventor of the atmospheric engine?
About what year was the atmospheric engine invented?
What was invented by Savery?
Who conceptualized the piston?
What was the first true vacuum that was commercially successful?
Who was the inventor of the vacuum?
About what year was the vacuum engine developed?
What was invented in a storage reservoir?
Who conceptualized the vacuum?
In what country was a full-scale working railway steam locomotive first invented?
On what date did the first railway trip in the world occur?
Where did the world's first railway journey terminate?
In what constituent country of the United Kingdom is Merthyr Tydfil located?
In what geographical portion of Wales is Abercynon located?
In what country was a full-scale working railway steam centre first invented?
On what date did the first railway trip in England occur?
Where did the England's first railway journey terminate?
In what constituent country of the United Kingdom is Trevithick located? 
In what geographical portion of England is Abercynon located?
What device is used to recycle the boiler water in most steam engines?
What types of pumps are typically used in industrial boilers?
In what decade were injectors widely used in steam engines?
What is a notable application of injectors today?
What are injectors used to supply?
What device is used to recycle the boiler water in most jet engines?
What types of pumps are typically used in jet engines?
In what decade were injectors widely used in jet engines?
What is a notable application of jet engines today?
What are jet engines used to supply?