What is the process of constructing a building or infrastructure?
What typically involves mass production of similar items without a designated purchaser?
What percentile of gross domestic product is construction comprised of?
What three things are needed for construction to take place?
Construction takes place on location for who?
What involves limited production with a designated purchase? 
What usually takes place on location for an unknown client?
What does comprise 69 percent of?
What three things are recommended before construction begins?
Where does manufacturing take place?
How much of a developed countries GDP does manufacturing comprise?
What involves mass production of similar items without designated planning?
How long does the process of manufacturing continue?
What three things do you need for manufacturing to happen?
Who normally manages a construction job?
Who normally supervises a construction job?
What is essential for the successful execution of a project?
The largest construction projects are known as what?
Zoning requirements, environmental impact, budgeting, and logistics are things who should consider?
What is primarily and independent effort?
What does a constuction engineer manage?
What is the term for any large construction project?
What is seldom considered by those involved with the design and execution of infatructure?
What requires collaboration across zoning requirements?
Who normally manages the environmental impact of the job?
Who normally supervises inconvenience to the public?
What is the largest infrastructure in question referred to?
What is necessary for successfully completing  bidding on a project?
What are the three sectors of construction?
Building construction is usually further divided into what categories?
Infrastructure is often called what?
Large public works, dams, bridges, highways, water/wastewater and utility distribution are under what construction sector?
Refineries, process chemical, power generation, mills and manufacturing plants are under what sector of construction?
What are buildings, stuctures and industrial?
What type of constuction is eivided into private and public buildings?
What sector includes large public works but not utility distribution?
What sector include utility distribution and refineries?
What three sectors of public works are there?
How is utility distribution further divided?
What are refineries often called?
What are some examples of markets?
What can residential and non-residential also be broken into?
What is Engineering News-Record?
What compiles and reports on data about the size of design and construction companies?
In what year did ENR compile data in nine market segments?
ENR used data on what to rank Top 400 firms as heavy contractors?
What is a trade magazine for design industry?
Who reports on the size of havy equipment and construction coompanies?
What US companies are compiled in the Top-250
How are the largest global firms picked for the Top-40 list?
What did ENR compile in 2004?
What is a magazine for design companies?
What do global firms report on for the construction industry?
What is one thing that market segments publish?
What does  a list of top 250 transportation markets published show?
In what year did the largest companies in the US compile data on nine market segments?