Which Florida city has the biggest population?
What was the population Jacksonville city as of 2010?
Based on population alone, what is Jacksonville's ranking in the United States?
In which county does Jacksonville reside?
What year did consolidation cause Jacksonville to become part of Duval County?
Which Florida city has a smallest population?
What County was Jacksonville the seat of prior to 1968?
What year did Jacksonville consolidate with Davis County?
What is the largest metropolitan area in Florida and the Southeast?
What city proper has a population of 1,345,596?
What river runs alongside Jacksonville?
How far is Jacksonville from Miami?
What is the name of the French colony established in 1564?
Prior to the arrival of the French, the area now known as Jacksonville was previously inhabited by what people?
What historical figure was Jacksonville named after?
What cities 340 km from Jacksonville?
In what year did the Timucue people inhabit the Jacksonville area?
What British for was Jacksonville the site of?
What grew at the narrow point in the river under Spanish rule?
What is the ranking of the military forces in Jacksonville?
What sport attracts most tourists to Jacksonville?
How many naval bases are located in Jacksonville?
What are those from Jacksonville sometimes called?
What has made Jacksonville a major military and civilian court since the 1900s?
How many Marine bases are located in Jacksonville?
What are people from Florida sometimes called?
Which port is United States's third-largest seaport?
What are some of the minor factors in the local economy?
The area where Jacksonville currently sits has been inhabited for how many years?
Who discovered pottery found on Black Hammock Island?
What civilization did the pottery belong to?
What is the 16th century known as the start of?
What is the name of the village that once existed in what is now downtown Jacksonville?
What area remained uninhabited for thousands of years? 
What I lent to the team of northern University students discover pottery?
What to do university students find the dated sixteenth century?
What area did the Mocama inhabit in 2500 BC?
Sauriwa is the earliest known name for what area?