Where did the black death originate?
How did the black death make it to the Mediterranean and Europe?
How much of the European population did the black death kill?
When did the world's population finally recover from the black death?
For how long did the plague stick around?
In what year did the Black Death originate in Central Asia?
How did the Black Death travel down the Silk Road?
What percentage of people died of the Black Death in Central Asia?
What percentage of people died in Crimea of the Black Death?
In what year did the Black Death reach the Mediterranean?
What does it mean for a disease to be enzootic?
How old are the gravestones that reference the plague?
Where do scientists think all of the plagues originated from?
When did the Chinese famine begin?
How many did this epidemic in China kill?
In what year did plague disease spread to Central Asia?
In what year did the Mongol conquest of China begin?
How many people lived in China in the 1300s?
In what country is Constantinople?
What is the term for a disease that is not commonly present?
Who introduced plague to Europe?
Who did the army siege belong to?
What did the Mongol army throw in their catapults?
Where did the genoese traders bring the plague?
What contributed to the severity of the plague?
In what year did Jani Beg become leader of the Mongol army?
In what year was Kaffa founded?
Who else besides Genoa traded with Kaffa?
To what city in Sicily did the Genoese traders flee to?
Who's infected corpse was one of the ones catapulted over the walls of Kaffa by the Mongol army?
Which direction did the disease first move in?
Which country was the last to receive the disease?
What types of European groups were able to avoid the plague?
Where was the disease spreading between 1348 and 1350?
When did a plague-ridden ship land in Norway?
In what month and year did the Black Death spread into France?
What country's ship landed at Oskoy?
In what year did the Black Death spread into Iceland?
Who did the Kingdom of Poland trade with?
What was one of the countries that had isolated alpine villages?