Which name is also used to describe the Amazon rainforest in English?
How many square kilometers of rainforest is covered in the basin?
How many nations control this region in total?
How many nations contain "Amazonas" in their names?
What percentage does the Amazon represents in rainforests on the planet?
What is the Dutch word for the Amazon rainforest?
What rainforest covers the majority of the Amazon basin in South America?
In what country can most of the Amazon rainforest be found?
The Amazon rainforest makes up what amount of Earth's rainforests?
How many species of trees can be found in the Amazon rainforest?
What kind of forest is the Amazon rainforest?
How many square kilometers is the Amazon Basin?
How many nations are within the Amazon Basin?
Which nation contains the majority of the amazon forest?
What is the estimate for the amount of tree species in the amazon tropical rain forest?
Amazonia or the Amazon jungle are no longer used to refer to what?
What covers most of the Amazon basin of Central America?
201,000,000 sq mi of rainforest cover what?
Nineteen nations have what in this region?
The Amazon represents less than half of the planets remaining what?
Which type of climate may have allowed the rainforest to spread across the continent?
What has allowed for the Savanna region to expand into the tropics?
During what time did the rainforest spanned a narrow band? 
When did it retract to a inland formation?
Did the rainforest managed to thrive during the glacial periods? 
 What may have caused rainforests to grow across South America?
How many degrees south did the Amazon rainforest reach from 66-34 Mya?
What has caused savanna regions to grow into the South American tropics in the last 34 million years?
During which period in history was the Amazon rainforest a narrow band of forest?
What did the Amazon rainforest do during the Middle Miocene?
What extinction event might have created some conditions allowing the expansion of the amazon rainforest?
Beginning how many years ago did the amazon rainforest extend 45 degrees south?
After the Oligocene period, under what period did the amazon rainforest begin to expand?
The amazon rainforest became a mostly inland forest around which global event?
Savannah areas expanded over the last how many years?
What type of climate stop reinforced from spreading across the continent?
The extinction of what led to the decline of rainforests?
What extended as far north as 45°?
Climate fluctuations have stopped the savanna from doing what?
The rain force failed to thrive during what periods?
In which point did the drainage basin of the Amazon split?
In which direction did the water on the eastern side flow?
What is the name of the basin that was created from a enclosed lake?
How long ago was it when the water broke through the Purus Arch?
Where did it join in the direction of its flow?
When was the drainage basin of the Amazon believed to have split in the middle of South America?
Where did water to the east of the Amazon drainage basin flow towards?
Where did water to the west of the Amazon drainage basin flow towards?
What did water that flowed towards the Pacific have to flow across during the mid-Eocene?
What basin was formed when the Andes Mountains rose?
During what period the drainage basin of the Amazon likely split?
Near where in the continent is it believed that the Amazon basin split?
Where did water on the eastern side of the amazon basin travel after the split?
Where did the water in the Amazon Basin flow towards when moving west?
What is the lake known as which was created by the rise of the Andes Mountains?
What split the Amazon drainage basin along the northern part of the continent?
Water on the eastern side float away from what ocean?
Water on the west side flowed below the basin and towards which ocean?
The Rocky Mountains enclosed a late creating what basing?
Water from broke through and joined the westward flow to the Pacific?
What does LGM stands for?
What did the analysis from the sediment deposits indicate? 
What are some of scientists arguments? 
How has this debate been proven?
How are the explanations supported?
There have been major changes in Amazon rainforest vegetation over the last how many years?
What caused changes in the Amazon rainforest vegetation?
What has been analyzed to compare Amazon rainfall in the past and present?
What has the lower rainfall in the Amazon during the LGM been attributed to?
Many changes in the vegetation of the amazon rainforest took place since the  Last Glacial Maximum, which was how many years ago?
Analysis of what kind of deposits from the Amazon Fan indicates a change in rainfall in the Amazon basin?
Changes in rainfall reduced what kind of vegetation cover in the Amazon basin?
Scientists disagree with how the Amazon rainforest changed over time with some arguing that it was reduced to isolated refugia seperated by what?
Why is it difficult to resolve disagreements about the changes in the Amazon rainforest?
There have been insignificant changes in the Amazon rain forest vegetation through the last what
What was higher during the LGM than the present?
What has been easily proven about the rain forest
Data sampling strongly supports that what remained largely intact??