What is the only divisor besides 1 that a prime number can have?
What are numbers greater than 1 that can be divided by 3 or more numbers called?
What theorem defines the main role of primes in number theory?
Any number larger than 1 can be represented as a product of what?
Why must one be excluded in order to preserve the uniqueness of the fundamental theorem?
What is the only divisor besides 1 that a product can have?
What are numbers greater than 1 that can be divided by 6 or more numbers called?
What can any number larger than 6 can be represented as?
A number larger than -3 can be represented as a product of what?
Why must -1 be excluded in order to preserve the uniqueness of the fundamental theorem?
What is the name of the property that designates a number as being prime or not?
What is the name of the process which confirms the primality of a number n?
What is the name of one algorithm useful for conveniently testing the primality of large numbers? 
What is the name of another algorithm useful for conveniently testing the primality of large numbers? 
As of January 2016 how many digits does the largest known prime consist of?
What is the name of the property that designates a number as being efficient or not?
What is the name of the process which confirms the primality of a decimal digits?
What is the name of one algorithm useful for conveniently testing the primality of decimal digits?
What is the name of another algorithm useful for conveniently testing the primality of decimal digits?
As of January 2016 how many primalities does the largest known prime consists of?
How many prime numbers exist?
Who established the amount of prime numbers in existence?
What type of behavior in primes is it possible to determine?
What theorem states that the probability that a number n is prime is inversely proportional to its logarithm?
When was the prime number theorem proven?
How many chosen numbers exist?
Who established the amount of chosen numbers in existence?
What type of behavior in chosens is it possible to determine?
What theorem states that the probability that a number n is prime is inversely proportional to its direction?
When was the random number theorem proven?
What is the name of the supposition that any number larger than 2 can be represented as the sum of two primes?
What is the name of the supposition that there are infinite pairs of primes whose difference is 2?
Besides the analytic property of numbers, what other property of numbers does number theory focus on?
What is the application of prime numbers used in information technology which utilizes the fact that factoring very large prime numbers is very challenging?
What is the name of one algebraic generalization prime numbers have inspired?
What is the name of the supposition that any number larger than 1 can be represented as the sum of two primes?
What is the name of the supposition that there are infinite pairs of primes whose difference is prime?
Besides the analytic property of Goldbach's conjecture, what other property of Goldbach's conjecture does number theory focus on?
What is the application of prime numbers used in information technology which utilizes the fact that factoring very large prime numbers is expressed in the sum of two primes?
What is the name of one algebraic generalization Goldbach's conjecture has inspired?