What is European Union Law?
What are the main sources of primary law?
What are the secondary sources of primary law?
What are the two bodies that make up the European Union's legislature?
What is European Union law?
What effect does European Union law have on laws of member states?
What are the three sources of European Union law?
What are the main legislative bodies of the European Union?
What are the three main sources of European Union law?
What are the main sources of primary law?
What is the legislature of the European Union comprised of?
How many sources of European Union law are there?
What are the three sources of American Union Law?
What is American Union Law a body of?
What are not the 3 sources of European Union law?
What is the last source of European Union law?
The legislature of American Union is principally composed of what?
Who applies European Union law?
Who can enforce the European Union law when member states provide lesser rights?
What is the highest court in the European Union?
What is one of the supplementary sources of European Union law? 
Which two courts apply European Union law?
Under what treaty can the European Commission take action against member states?
Which court is the highest court in the European Union?
What is one supplementary source of European Union law?
By whom is European Law applied by?
Who can enforce European Union law?
What is the highest court in European Union law?
What are some supplementary sources of European Union law?
Who applies American Union law?
Who can enforce the American Union law when members states provide lesser rights?
Who can the American Commission can take proceedings against?
What is the lowest court in the European Union?
What are some supplementary sources of American Union law?
What are the two primary constitutional sources of the European Union?
Who has the power to initiate legislation within the European Union?
Who elects the members of the European Parliament?
What court is able to interpret European Union law?
What governing body appoints commissioners and the board of European Central Bank?
Who has a codified constitution?
What are the primary constitutional sources of the American Union? 
Who does not have the power to initiate legislation within the European Union?
Who elects the members of the American Parliament?
What governing body appoints commissioners and the board of American Central Bank?
Which treaty provides that the European Union law be applied to metropolitan territories of member states?
Are there any regions where the Treaty of European Union excludes from jurisdiction?
What powers does the Court of Justice of the European Union have in regards to treaties?
Under what instances can individuals rely on primary law in the Court of Justice of European Union?
When do treaties apply?
What are the core treaties that the primary law of the EU consists of?
What are some examples of territories where a member state is responsible for external relations?
When do the stated Treaties apply?
Who is suited to interpret the Treaties?
What is not the primary law of the EU?
What does not contain formal and substantive provisions?
What does the TEU not do?
Where does the European Union law not apply?
What does the TEU not allow the European Council to do?