The immune system protects organisms against what?
What are the agents the immune system detects known as?
Which part of the immune system protects the brain?
What separates the neuroimmune system and peripheral immune system in humans?
What are the agents detected by the immune system called?
What are the two different types of immunity?
What are the two major subsystems of the immune system?
What is the immune system of the brained known as?
What is the system of many biological structures and processes that protect an organism from cold?
What is not an example of a pathogen?
What is the immune system unable to distinguish from healthy tissue?
What is the immune system of the stomach known as?
What connects the peripheral immune system to the neuroimmune system?
What happens when the immune system less active than normal?
What is the term for a hyperactive immune system that attacks normal tissues?
What field involves the study of the immune system?
What acquired condition results in immunodeficiency in humans?
What is not caused by disorders of the immune system?
What kind of medicine can cause autoimmunity?
What causes the immune system to treat foreign organisms like normal tissues?
What is not a condition that causes immunodeficiency?
What is a rare autoimmune disease?
Who won the Nobel Prize in 1905?
What did Robert Koch prove was the cause of infectious disease?
What virus did Walter Reed discover?
When was the first known historical reference to immunity?
What is a science that examines the structure and function of the brain?
When is the latest known reference to immunity?
What scientist experimented with snake venom in the 18th century?
Whose theories supported the miasma theory?
When did Robert Koch discover the yellow fever virus?
What type of immune systems are found in all plants and animals?
What immune system is activated by the innate response?
What allows the adaptive immune system to react faster and more strongly each subsequent time a pathogen is encountered?
What is the first line of defense against pathogens that prevents them from entering an organism?
What exposes organisms to infection?
What is not prevented from entering an organism?
What is activated before the innate response in vertebrates?
What is gotten rid of after a pathogen has been eliminated?
What causes the organism to attack more slowly and weakly every time a pathogen is encountered?