What concept did philosophers in antiquity use to study simple machines?
What was the belief that maintaining motion required force?
Who had mathmatical insite?
How long did it take to improve on Sir Isaac Newton's laws of motion?
Who develped the theory of relativity?
Who used the concept of antiquity in the study of stationary and moving objects?
Something that is considered a non fundamental error is the belief that a force is required to maintain what?
Most of the previous understandings about motion and force were corrected by whom?
Sir Galileo Galilei corrected the previous misunderstandings about what?
Who formulated the laws of motion that were not improved-on for nearly three thousand years?
What has partical physics made to describe sub-atomic forces?
What are the exchanged particles predicted by the standard Model?
What is the strongest main interaction?
What is the weakest main interaction?
What are weak and electromatic forces expressions of?
What can decelerate particles close to the speed of light?
Particle physics has created a Unique Model to describe what? 
The Unique Model predicts that exchanged particles are the fundamental means by what?
How many main interactions are not know?
Who provided a philosophical discussion of force?
What was the concept of force an integral part of?
How many elements did Aristotle believe the terrestrial sphere to be made up of?
Where did Aristotle believe the natural place for earth and water elements?
What did Aristotle refer to forced motion as?
Who provided a discussion on the concept of time as an integral part of Aristotelian cosmology?
In Galileo's view, the terrestrial sphere contained how many elements?
Aristotle believed that objects in motion on Earth would stay that way if what?
Who proposed that water displaced through the projectile's path carries the projectile to its target?
When were the shortcomings of Aristotle's physics overcome?
Whose work  corrected Aristotle's physics in the seventeenth century?
What did objects in forced motion contain according to the late Medieval idea that influence Aristotle?
Who experimented by rolling stones and canonballs down a steep incline?
What force acted on bodies to retard their velocity?
The shortcomings of Aristotelian physics would not be corrected until the 16th century work of whom?
Who was influenced by early Medieval ideas?
Who constructed an experiment where stones and rocks were rolled down an incline?
Who argued that objects retain their velocity even when acted on by a force?