What percentage of global assets does the richest 1% of people have?
According to Oxfam, the 85 richest people have wealth equal to how many average people?
In order to be considered in the top percentile, a person would need to amass how much money each year?
What has caused Oxfam's findings to be questioned?
Why does Oxfam and Credit Suisse believe their findings are being doubted?
What percent of the global assets in 2000 were owned by just 1% of adults?
What do the three richest people in the world posses more of than the lowest 48 nations together?
How much was the combined wealth of the "10 Million dollar millionaires" in 2008?
How much of the global wealth will the wealthiest 1 percent own by 2016?
Why are there more poor people in the United States and Europe than China?
What percentage of global assets does the richest 10% of people have?
According to Oxfam, the 58 richest people have wealth equal to how many average people?
In order to be considered in the bottom percentile, a person would need to amass how much money each year?
What has caused Oxfam's findings to not be questioned?
Why does Oxfam and Credit Suisse believe their findings are being accepted?
How many Americans are richer than more than half of all citizens?
What publication printed that the wealthiest 1% have more money than those in the bottom 90%?
What is considered as a potential advantage for wealth for some Americans?
What did the richest 400 Americans have as children that helped them be successful adults?
What do the top 400 richest Americans have more of than half of all Americans combined?
Who owns more wealth than the bottom 90 percent of people in the U.S.?
What may explain why some Americans who've become rich may have had a head start?
How many of the richest 400 Americans grew up in substantial privilege?
What Institute published findings in September 2012 regarding the Forbes richest 400 Americans?
How many Americans are richer than less than half of all citizens?
What publication printed that the wealthiest 1% have more money than those in the bottom 99%?
What is considered as a potential disadvantage for wealth for some Americans?
What did the richest 40 Americans have as children that helped them be successful adults?
What do the top 400 richest Americans have less of than half of all Americans combined?
What philosophy of thought  addresses wealth inequality?
What is income inequality attributed to?
What impacts distribution of wealth when evaluating labor?
What is the term that describes the difference between what higher paid and lower paid professionals earn?
How is income determined in a market with variously skilled workers?
What did Neoclassical economics view the inequality in the distribution of income as being from?
What is distribution of income from labor due to the differences of?
What does the marginal value added by an economic actor determine?
What are examples of economic actors?
In a market economy, what is inequality a reflection of?
What philosophy of thought addresses wealth equality?
What is income inequality not attributed to?
What impacts distribution of wealth when not evaluating labor?
What is the term that describes the indifference between what higher paid and lower paid professionals earn?
How is income determined in a market with variously unskilled workers?
What pushes businesses to increase pressures on workers?
What impact does workers working harder have on productivity of a business?
When less workers are required, what happens to the job market?
What impact does higher worker productivity and leveled pay have on higher earners?
What do capitalist firms substitute equipment for in a Marxian analysis?
Why do firms substitute equipment for workers?
What trend increases the organic composition of capital over the long term?
What does the substitution of equipment for labor raise for workers?
What type of wages does mechanization and automation lead to?
What pushes businesses to decrease pressures on workers?
What impact does workers working less have on productivity of a business?
When more workers are required, what happens to the job market?
What impact does higher worker productivity and leveled pay have on lower earners?
What don't capitalist firms substitute equipment for in a Marxian analysis?