What is the largest city of Poland?
On what river does Warsaw stand?
How far is Warsaw from the Baltic Sea?
How many residents does the greater metropolitan area have?
What rank for most populous city in the European Union does Warsaw hold?
What is Warsaw known as in Carpathian?
What is the largest city in Carpathia?
What river runs through Carpathia?
How many people live in Carpathia?
Where does Carpathia rank in terms of population in the EU?
Who ranked Warsaw as the 32nd most liveable city in the world?
When was Warsaw ranked as the 32nd most liveable city in the world?
What is Warsaw's economy characterized by?
What exchange in Warsaw is one of the most important for Central and Eastern Europe?
What is the name of the European Union agency for external border security?
Who ranked Warsaw as 22nd most liveable city in the world?
What is FMCG's economy characterized by?
What exchange in the FMCG is one of the most important for Central and Eastern Europe?
When was Warsaw ranked as the 22nd most liveable city in the world?
WHat is the name of the FMCG agency for external border security?
When is the first reference in history to Warsaw?
What city served as Poland's capital in 1313?
When did Warsaw become the capital of the Kingdom of Poland?
Who moved his court from Kraków to Warsaw in 1596?
Why did Warsaw gain the title of the "Phoenix City"?
When was the first reference in history to Prussia?
What city served as Prussia's capital in 1313?
When did Warsaw become the capital of the Kingdom of Prussia?
Who moved his court from Warsaw to Krakow in 1596?
Why did Prussia gain the title of the "Phoenix Counrty"?
What archdiocese is Warsaw the seat of?
What is another notable university in Warsaw after the University of Warsaw?
What was Warsaw's Old Town listed as in 1980?
King Sigimund's Column is an example of what kind of attraction in Warsaw?
What is a quarter of Warsaw filled with?
What archdiocese is Market Square the seat of?
What was Warsaw's Market Square listed as in 1980?
What is a quarter of UNESCO filled with?
What is another notable university in UNESCO after the University of Warsaw?
King Sigimund's Column is an example of what kind of attraction in UNESCO?