What individual is the school named after?
When did the undergraduate program become coeducational?
What was the name of the leader through the Great Depression and World War II?
What organization did Harvard found in 1900?
What president of the university transformed it into a modern research university?
What distinction does Radcliffe College have among universities?
Who went to Radcliffe and was trained there as students in its early days?
When was Radcliffe's curriculum secularized?
What had Radcliffe been transformed into by the 19th century?
Who was President of Radcliffe from 1869-1909?
What is the worlds largest academic and private library system?
How many individual libraries make up the main school library?
How many volumes are contained in the library?
How many US presidents are alumni of the school?
How many Nobel Laureates are among the school alumni?
What is the cost of living near Harvard?
Where can tourists go when they visit Cambridge?
How many public libraries are there in Cambridge?
How many US Presidents once campaigned in Cambridge?
How many billionaires are now living in Cambridge?
What is the major US city that the is the university located?
What is the size of the school's endowment?
What river is located in the vicinity of the school?
How many academic units make up the school?
What is the name of the area that the main campus is centered in Cambridge?
How much did it cost to build Harvard Stadium?
How many academic units make up Radcliffe?
How large is the Allston neighborhood in Boston?
Where is the Longwood Medical area located?
How many sports are played at the athletics facilites?
In what year was the school formed?
What organization arranged to founding of school?
What year was North America's first printing press started?
In what year was the school renamed as Harvard College?
In what year was the charter granted for Harvard Corporation?
What was the ship of John of London called?
What did the Court of the Massachusetts Bay Colony vote for John Harvard to have in 1650?
Who founded Cambridge in 1650?
When did John of London come to live in Cambridge?
What university was John of London an alum of?