What is it called when people in society rebel against laws they think are unfair?
What is an example of major civil disobedience in South Africa?
What was the the movement called that brought Baltic countries independence from the Soviet Union?
In 2004 the Orange revolution occurred in what country?
Where was the location of the 2003 Rose revolution?
Which people brought forward one of the earliest examples of Civil Disobedience?
Who was one of the earliest examples of Civil Disobedience against?
Why do people chose civil disobedience to protest?
What does civil disobedience protest against?
What civil rights movement in the US was known for it's disobedience?
What is the definition of Germany adopting a Communist government?
What did the Velvet revolution hope to accomplish in India?
Whose occupation did the Egyptians resist in the 2003 Rose Revolution?
To what countries did the 1919 Revolution want to bring independence to from Russia?
In what country was the 2004 Velvet Revolution?
Sophocles demonstrated civil disobedience in a play that was called?
Who is Antigone's father in the play?
What is the name of the current King of Thebes in the play?
What character in the play portrays civil disobedience?
What is Creon trying to stop Antigone from doing in the play? 
What play showed an early depiction of civil disobedience?
Antigone was a play made by whom?
In Antigone, who was the target of civil disobedience?
What was the protest in Antigone about?
How was the civil disobedience shown in Antigone?
What play by Oedipus, demonstrates civil disobedience?
Who is the father of Sophocles?
Who does Sophocles defy?
Why does Sophocles defy Creon in the play?
What must Sophocles do instead of following the king's will?
After the Peterloo massacre what poet wrote The Massacre of Anarchy?
His poem is considered the first kind of what type of protest?
What famous author used similarity and likeness of Percy Shelly in his writing?
Inspired by Shelley what was the name of Gandhi's doctrine?
Gandhi often referenced Shelley's poem in his efforts to do what? 
Who wrote the poem The Mark of Anarchy?
The Mark of Anarchy was written to protest against what?
What was the principle shown in The Mark of Anarchy?
Which famous Indian practiced civil disobedience?
What was Ghandi's work called?
In what year was the Satyagraha massacre?
What was written by Ghandi in 1819?
Why did Ghandi write The Mask of Anarchy?
What theme does Ghandi begin The Mask of Anarchy with?
What would Henry David Thoreau quote to audiences in India?
Vice President Agnew describes Civil disobedience in what activities?
Civil disobedience has been argued in more recent times to have suffered from what?
More in the present prevalence of civil disobedience has turned and said to be?
What person argues that civil disobedience is used to describe everything?
In modern times, what is said about civil disobedience?
Who noted the different current uses of civil disobedience?
How has civil disobedience evolved in current times?
Who gave a negative connotation to civil disobedience in recent history?
What issue has been plaguing the civil disobedience movement.
What had Vice President Agnew always suffered from? 
What had happened to Vice President Agnew's status in modern times?
What did Marchall Cohen note about crime?
What types of people were always involved in the court system?
What type of person would be involved in a test case in federal court?