An igneous rock is a rock that crystallizes from what?
Sedimentary rock can be turned into which of the three types of rock?
When the three types of rock are re-melted what is formed? 
What are the three major types of rock? 
What changes the mineral content of a rock?
What are three types of crystallization?
What is an important concept in crystallization?
What kind of mineral crystallizes from erosion?
What changes the way a mineral is deposited?
What happens when three types of minerals are re-deposited and change their characteristics?
What illustrates the relationships between rock and crystal?
Which type of rock cannot be re-melted?
How is a rock lithified?
What does heat prevent from changing in the crystallization process?
What gives sedimentary rock its characteristic fabric?
What was the most important discovery that led to the understanding that Earth's lithosphere is separated into tectonic plates?
Which parts of the Earth are included in the lithosphere? 
What is another word for the Earth's upper mantle?
Plate tectonics can be seen as the intimate coupling between rigid plates on the surface of the Earth and what? 
In what decade was seafloor spreading discovered? 
When was the most important discovery about thermal boundaries made?
What is another word for seafloor spreading?
What direction do sea currents and seafloor spreading always move in?
What is involved in sea current coupling?
What is another term for sea currents?
What are the different tectonic plates called?
Why do oceanic plates and mantle convection currents move in opposite directions?
What is the lower thermal boundary layer called?
When was the lithosphere discovered?
What are the lithosphere and asthenosphere called when coupled together?
What is the area called where two plates move apart?
What is the area called where one plate subducts under another?
What type of fault boundary is defined by having widespread powerful earthquakes, as in the state of California?
Whose theory was the theory of continental drift?
The lithosphere moves over which mantle n the theory of plate tectonics?
What did the theory regarding the San Andreas fault do?
What were mid ocean ridges and high regions of geologic features called?
What happened as a result of hydrothermal vents and underwater volcanoes that are transform boundaries?
What keeps the theory of transform boundaries going?
Who discovered plate tectonics?
Why was Wegener's theory important for understanding the lithosphere?
Where in the ocean are volcano arcs located?
What is the mechanism for plate tectonics?
What happens when one plate touches another?
What types of waves do seismologists use to image the interior of the Earth?
In the layered model of the Earth, the outermost layer is what? 
In the layered model of the Earth, the mantle has two layers below it. What are they? 
In the layered model of the Earth there are seismic discontinuities in which layer? 
Recently a more detailed model of the Earth was developed. Seismologists were able to create this using images of what from the interior of the Earth? 
What do seismologists use to map the Earth's crust?
What was not able to see through the dense solid core of the Earth?
By how many kilometers are shear waves separated when measuring the crust?
What have CT scans lead to for doctors and their patients?
In the layered Earth model, what is the inner core separated by?
What is the outer core called?
What is the size of the mantle?
How quickly to wave speeds inside the earth move?